NARRATOR Our heroes have
witnessed Laverre City Gym
Leader Valerie's remarkable
skills firsthand.
And now, it's Ash's turn
to face this
Fairy‐type Trainer
in a Gym battle.
Ash's sixth Kalos Gym badge
is on the line.
What will his strategy be?
Yes. It's finally today!
[EXCITED]
SERENA
Hey, Sawyer?
Have you ever watched
a Gym battle before?
No. It's my first time.
My heart's pounding like
you wouldn't even believe!
BONNIE
But Ash is battling, not you!
ASH I hope you'll be out there
cheering.
[HAPPY]
Of course!
Have you figured out
how to deal
with Valerie's Fairy‐types?
Judging from her challenge
yesterday, it's clear
there's a lot we don't know
about her battling techniques.
I haven't. Not yet.
[DETERMINED]
‐ Will you be okay?
‐ Huh?
Ash will be fine!
Ash and his Pokémon
have always worked together
which is the key to winning
Gym badges.
That's why he'll be able
to beat Valerie!
Yeah, you've got that right!
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're
up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a Hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hands ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Fairy‐type Trickery!"
We welcome you
to the Laverre Gym.
I'm here for a Gym battle!
Huh?
[all gasping]
[HAPPY]
We're spectators today, okay.
I know that if we watch
their battle closely
we'll learn a lot.
I'll be sure to make lots
of notes on this experience!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ And we will too.
‐ Right!
Alright! Learning's fun!
Hold on.
Where's Valerie?
No need to rush these things.
The Gym Leader will be here
shortly.
[gasps]
[all gasping]
Like a designer's Gym
should look.
It's her!
[all gasping]
It's Valerie.
KALI
'The time has finally come!'
'Valerie,
the Laverre Gym Leader'
'is now making her entrance.'
I welcome you all to my Gym.
I believe your name is Ash,
right?
How many Gym badges do you have?
I have five of them. Right now.
After this,
I'll have six Gym badges!
[chuckles]
Such spirit!
You're certainly confident,
aren't you?
But I won't let you win
that easily.
The stronger
the opponents we face
the more we get totally
fired up and psyched!
We're not gonna lose
this battle, no way!
Alright then, shall we?
KALI The Laverre Gym Battle
between Valerie, the Gym Leader
and Ash from Pallet Town,
the challenger
will now get under way!
'Each Trainer will have
the use of two Pokémon'
'and the battle will be over
when either Trainer's Pokémon'
'are unable to continue.'
'Furthermore,
only the challenger will be'
'permitted to substitute
Pokémon.'
‐ That's all!
‐ Two, huh?
[CONCERN]
‐ I'll choose first.
‐ Huh?
Sylveon..
...appear!
[READY]
It's Sylveon.
[speaking in foreign language]
[SHOCK]
It's just like Serena said.
‐ Valerie talks with Pokémon!
‐ Huh?
[chuckles]
Honestly?
I've always
wanted to be a Pokémon
so I managed to learn
how to speak with them.
Awesome.
It's true I can't communicate
with every Pokémon
but I can understand most of
what my Pokémon are telling me.
She learned
how to talk to Pokémon
because she wants to be
a Pokémon?
I use Fairy‐type Pokémon
in my Gym.
I happen to be quite strong,
so watch your step.
[chuckles]
Here's my first Pokémon!
Fletchinder, I choose you!
[READY]
[EXCITED]
Good. Well, then,
make your move.
Okay, here we go!
[AGREE]
KALI
'Battle begin!'
Let's do this, Fletchinder!
Now, use Steel Wing!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
[PAINED]
‐ Wow, that was perfect!
‐ And it was super effective!
Got it.
That just showed us
Steel‐type moves
are really effective
against Fairy‐type Pokémon.
Ah! Are you alright?
[UPSET]
Alright, we can't underestimate
them, can we?
But this time, it's our turn!
Disarming Voice!
[DISARMING VOICE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Now, Fletchinder!
Use Peck, let's go!
[PECK MOVE]
Quick, catch it.
[EXERTION]
No way!
[SHOCK]
[EXERTION]
‐ Huh?
‐ Oh, no!
What a weird way to battle!
A Pokémon battle isn't just
about an exchange of moves.
Some Trainers know everything
about their Pokémon's skills
and will use them
to their full potential!
'Valerie's exceptionally good
at that.'
‐ Alright!
‐ You can do it, Sylveon!
Go all the way!
We're not done just yet.
Sylveon, Fairy Wind!
[FAIRY WIND MOVE]
[PAINED]
Ah!
[SHOCK]
‐ Incredible power!
‐ Fletchinder!
[CONCERN]
Fletchinder! Be strong!
Uh!
[thinking]
We need to untie those ribbons!
So what do you think, Ash?
Sylveon's ribbons
can do more than
just flutter beautifully,
you see.
While Fairy‐types are graceful
they also possess
dangerous hidden fangs.
‐ Ugh!
‐ What's Ash going to do?
Come on, Ash!
Fletchinder, you can do it!
[PAINED]
Valerie!
When it comes to hidden fangs
Fletchinder has them too!
‐ Huh?
‐ Heat up, Fletchinder!
And use Flame Charge!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
I'm impressed.
Giga Impact!
[GIGA IMPACT MOVE]
We won't back down.
Use Steel Wing!
[STEAL WING MOVE]
[DETERMINED]
Sylveon!
[DAZED]
[all gasping]
‐ Kali? Make the call!
‐ Uh, right!
Sylveon is unable to battle!
'Fletchinder wins!'
Yes. That's one down!
Wow , you did it, Fletchinder!
That was so cool!
So that proves Steel‐type moves
are super effective
on Fairy‐type Pokémon.
Just like it's supposed to be!
[EXCITED]
Sylveon? Return, please.
You battled wonderfully.
Take a nice rest.
Fletchinder hung in there
and beat her first Pokémon.
Hmm, but I wonder
what her next one is?
She's a Gym Leader.
Ash still can't let
his guard down.
There's still a very tough
battle ahead.
Be warned.
It won't be the same
this time!
[READY]
There's that Spritzee.
Spritzee.
[speaking in foreign language]
[AGREE]
[DETERMINED]
We saw Spritzee's Dazzling Gleam
yesterday
but we still don't know about
its other moves.
Hm.
Are you ready, Ash?
It's your move again!
You heard her.
Fletchinder, let's go!
Fletchinder, use Steel Wing!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
Now, use Trick Room.
[TRICK ROOM MOVE]
Huh?
Trick Room. Whoa!
[chuckles]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Mr. Mime!
[EXCITED]
[SHOCK]/[PANIC]
ASH
'Calm down!'
You've got to stay cool, okay?
[chuckles]
Surprised you, didn't we?
Valerie's using Trick Room!
And if so,
that can only mean one thing.
Valerie's totally serious
about this battle!
SAWYER
I've never seen it before.
So this is what
they call Trick Room.
Hey, is this a Fairy‐type move?
It's a Psychic‐type move.
And quite a troublesome one
at that!
[CONCERN]
Okay , Fletchinder, speed it up!
Now, use Flame Charge!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
‐ Ash, no!
‐ Huh?
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
SERENA
'Hey, what's going on?'
It's not going any faster!
Normally , Flame Charge
is a move that will increase
its user's speed,
but the challenge is when
Trick Room is being used,
the faster a Pokémon goes
'the slower it actually is!'
SERENA 'So Ash called it
not knowing that?'
But what are they gonna do now?
It's dodging everything.
Trick Room creates
a mysterious space.
So even though Spritzee's
normally slower
than Fletchinder,
does it turn into
the faster Pokémon
in Trick Room?
CLEMONT
That's right.
One more time!
Use Flame Charge!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
Use Dazzling Gleam!
[DAZZLING GLEAM MOVE]
[PAINED]
Fletchinder, no!
Well, well, finished already?
‐ Use Flame Charge!
‐ Again?
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
Gyro Ball!
[GYRO BALL MOVE]
We're not done yet!
Flame Charge!
[ATTACK]
Ugh!
What in the world
could Ash be thinking?
I'll bet you that
he's got a strategy.
‐ Huh?
I know you can do it!
Hang in there!
Do your best and keep using
Flame Charge, go!
I wonder what trick
he's got up his sleeve.
Use Dazzling Gleam!
[ATTACK]
It's like Fletchinder's
getting slower on purpose.
[thinking]
Hang in there, Fletchinder!
We'll get our chance!
Dear. We're out of time.
Ha‐ha!
Fletchinder, use Steel Wing!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
‐ Huh?
‐ Of course!
Now, I understand
what Ash is up to!
He kept on using Flame Charge
so Fletchinder could attack
'at high speed as soon as
Trick Room disappeared!'
‐ 'Ash planned it?'
‐ Alright!
‐ 'Not so fast!'
‐ Huh?
Moonblast!
[MOONBLAST MOVE]
Fletchinder, no!
[PAINED]
Fletchinder is unable to battle!
‐ The winner is Spritzee!
‐ Yay!
[UPSET]
‐ Ugh!
‐ Thank you.
But I must say
your multiple Flame Charges
were a good idea.
It's been a while since
I've been surprised like that.
That Moonblast.
That was another dangerous
hidden fang.
Ash took much too long.
And he paid a heavy price
for doing that.
Fletchinder, return!
Get lots of rest.
So how is Ash
going to win this, huh?
Hm.
[CONCERN]
Hawlucha! I choose you!
[READY]/[DETERMINED]
My, my.
Quite an amusing Pokémon.
Okay, Hawlucha's
a Fighting and Flying‐type.
But Fighting‐type moves aren't
very effective on Spritzee.
Ash chose Hawlucha anyway.
Let's see what strategy
Ash has in mind.
You can do it, Hawlucha!
[PROUD]
[EXCITED]
I'm counting on you, okay.
[DETERMINED]
Now, use Karate Chop!
[KARATE CHOP MOVE]
Use Trick Room!
[SHOCK]
[TRICK ROOM MOVE]
Huh? They're using it again?
[CONCERN]
Hawlucha! Just relax!
This is the ring for today!
[AGREE]
Looks like
somebody's having fun.
We want you to enjoy yourselves.
'Use Moonblast!'
[MOONBLAST MOVE]
[PAINED]
Ugh!
[CONCERN]
What power!
[HAPPY]
[FOCUSED]
Yup. It's strong.
My!
You can talk to your Pokémon
too, right?
Not really talking.
It's more like
I can sense what they mean.
I just kind of know.
[AGREE]
You have much promise.
Hawlucha, use X‐Scissor!
[X‐SCISSOR MOVE]
[PAINED]
‐ Huh?
‐ What did he do that for?
Of course, Bug‐type moves
are not very effective
against Spritzee!
Huh?
There he goes.
I can tell
Ash is up to something again.
Hawlucha!
Taking your opponent's moves
head‐on is your battling style!
'Watch Spritzee closely,
and stay on its tail!'
[EXCITED]
He's such an interesting boy.
So let's see what he's planning.
Use Gyro Ball!
[GYRO BALL]
Hawlucha, catch that!
[STRUGGLING]
Huh?
Alright!
Hawlucha, use that speed!
[EXERTION]
‐ Huh?
‐ Wow!
Hawlucha's using the spin
from the Gyro Ball!
'Talk about thinking
on your feet!'
‐ Very nice.
‐ Spin , Hawlucha!
Use X‐Scissor!
[X‐SCISSOR MOVE]
Don't underestimate us.
Dazzling Gleam!
[DAZZLING GLEAM MOVE]
Cut right through
that Dazzling Gleam!
[X‐SCISSOR MOVE]
‐ Huh!
‐ Alright!
[HAPPY]
Never seen that before!
What an awesome X‐Scissor!
‐ They broke through..
‐ Trick Room!
You did it, Hawlucha!
[PROUD]
Unbelievable.
CLEMONT 'Even if a Bug‐type move
like X‐Scissor'
'isn't effective against
a Fairy‐type'
'it is effective against
Trick Room'
'which is a Psychic‐type move.'
'And that's the chance
Ash took!'
Ash is amazing!
That's his battling style,
alright.
We never know what Ash
is gonna come up with next.
[AGREE]
I wonder if I can do that too?
I wanted to destroy that
Trick Room with X‐Scissor.
And that's just what I did!
You're great at communicating
with your Pokémon.
You and Hawlucha
are a perfect match!
[TIRED]
Spritzee! Let's do this!
Okay! Now, use Flying Press!
[FLYING PRESS MOVE]
[PAINED]
Spritzee,
don't let it get too close.
Moonblast!
[MOONVLAST MOVE]
Dodge it, quick!
Now, High Jump Kick!
[HIGH JUMP MOVE]
[PAINED]
[all gasping]
Spritzee is unable to battle!
Hawlucha is the winner!
So the victor
is Ash of Pallett Town!
Alright!
[HAPPY]
Hawlucha, that was great!
[EXCITED]
I just can't believe
Valerie lost.
I haven't seen that in so long.
Spritzee?
[speaking in foreign language]
You gave it your best effort.
I'm so very proud of you
and Sylveon as well.
That was truly well done.
I haven't been that inspired
in a while.
‐ Ash, you did it!
‐ Yay!
‐ Hawlucha!
‐ Great!
What an amazing battle.
I'll be sure to make
a note of this experience!
[AGREE]
Ash, you know how a Trainer's
heart becomes one
with their Pokémon,
when they're backed into
a corner during a battle.
I'm wondering.
Why is that?
I'm not really sure.
But I do know what you mean!
[chuckles]
'Here's proof that you won
at the Laverre Gym.'
I present you
with the Fairy Badge.
‐ Congratulations.
‐ Thank you very much!
[chuckles]
We did it!
We got the Fairy Badge!
[PROUD]
That's wonderful, Ash!
Fletchinder and Hawlucha
battled really really hard!
And you also learned
a brand‐new battling strategy!
The Trick Room Breaker!
Wow, Ash!
You were so cool!
I really wanna be able
to battle just like you!
I've got to know
how you can battle like that.
You've got to teach me!
Uh, not sure
how to explain that.
SAWYER 'What are you thinking
about when you're battling?'
'Does Pikachu give you some kind
of advice, or something?'
ASH 'It'll be easier to explain
with a battle!'
SAWYER
'Yes!'
NARRATOR And so, Ash
successfully overcame
Spritzee's Trick Room defeating
Valerie at the Laverre Gym
and winning the Fairy Badge.
Now, there are only
two more badges to win
before our hero gets to enter
the Kalos League
as the journey continues!
[theme music]